Add instructions for Amazon Linux 2023 (#759)
nginx/agent: site/content/installation-upgrade/installation-oss.md

    sudo nginx-agent -v
    ```

### Installing NGINX Agent on Amazon Linux 2023

1. Install the prerequisites:

    ```shell
    sudo yum install yum-utils procps
    ```

1. To set up the yum repository for Amazon Linux 2, create the file named `/etc/yum.repos.d/nginx-agent.repo` with the following contents:
    ```
    [nginx-agent]
    name=nginx agent repo
    baseurl=https://packages.nginx.org/nginx-agent/amzn/2023/$basearch/
    gpgcheck=1
    enabled=1
    gpgkey=https://nginx.org/keys/nginx_signing.key
    module_hotfixes=true
    ```

1. To install `nginx-agent`, run the following command:

    ```shell
    sudo yum install nginx-agent
    ```

> 1. When prompted to accept the GPG key, verify that the fingerprint matches `573B FD6B 3D8F BC64 1079 A6AB ABF5 BD82 7BD9 BF62`, and if so, accept it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When prompted to accept the GPG key, verify that the fingerprint matches
    `8540 A6F1 8833 A80E 9C16 53A4 2FD2 1310 B49F 6B46`,
    `573B FD6B 3D8F BC64 1079 A6AB ABF5 BD82 7BD9 BF62`,
    `9E9B E90E ACBC DE69 FE9B 204C BCDC D8A3 8D88 A2B3`
     and if so, accept it.
```

    sudo nginx-agent -v
    ```

### Installing NGINX Agent on Amazon Linux 2023

1. Install the prerequisites:

    ```shell

>     sudo dnf install yum-utils procps

Reviewer: not sure if yum-utils required with dnf. also procps name can be procps-ng - needs checking

    ```

> 1. To set up the yum repository for Amazon Linux 2, create the file named `/etc/yum.repos.d/nginx-agent.repo` with the following contents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To set up the dnf repository for Amazon Linux 2023, create the file `/etc/yum.repos.d/nginx-agent.repo` with the following contents:
```

> 1. To set up the yum repository for Amazon Linux 2, create the file named `/etc/yum.repos.d/nginx-agent.repo` with the following contents:

Reviewer: Amazon Linux 2023
